DOCS Query Roles (#110473)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/rest-api/security/get-roles.asciidoc

==== {api-response-body-title}

A successful call returns an array of roles with the JSON representation of the
role. The returned role format is a simple extension of the <<defining-roles,role definition>> format,
only adding an extra field `transient_metadata.enabled`.

> This field is `false` in case the role is automatically disabled, for e.g. in case the license

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field is `false` in case the role is automatically disabled, for example when the license
```
